Redux 
Fast API
JWT
outh 2.0
rest api
Graph QL
next js
ci/cd
aws cloud services 
python
ngrok
linux
electron.js
c
gen ai vs agentic ai
-->
weekness-
earlier on , i had been working over-engineer like over hard wokring to give the best solutions for my assigned tasks so even for the problems which i can't solve i try until i fix it so somtimes i fell like stressful becuase of these but fine i believe this will help me to grow in career . sometimes i do overthiking like what if heppend to my team if  did't  fix the problem like that i do overthinking.

strength-
ownership and reliability , whenever i working on a specific features i can see through , including the edge cases most people skip and i fully understand the feature which i gave me and i also adapt fast about the new tools . and i actively use ai powered coding assistance to make the development faster .

why should hire u ?
because , i bring the real , hands on experience and hard engineering problems , i've build offline pos platform which runs with zero internet dependency and also build cloud sync engine for multi branch data consistency without duplication . that kinda reliability i bringing to you team from the day one . 

where do u see your self in 5 years ?

in 5 years , i see myself as a senior full stack engineer and taking the ownership of end to end products and making the important architecture decisions.

and i want to deepen my expertise in not only my current stack i want to expert in dsa and advacned engineering mathematical projects .

beyond just writing code , i want to mentor junior developers , contribute to technical decisions and be the so responsible for my organization . 

my goal is to continuously grow with the organization and become the someone the team can relay on me for technical expertise and leadership . 

why did u resign or leave last job ?

i'm so grateful for the experience i 've gained in my current role at youngminds . especially on restosoft and getting hands on experience and i have faces the real world business workflows .
so at this stage , i'm looking for an opportunity  where i can work on larger-scale applications and take on more challeging technical problems and further strengthen my skills in modern technologies .

so , my decision to move is maily driven by career growth , keep learning , a chance to take the technical responsibilities .


whats motivates you ?
i'm highly motivated by continuous innovation in technology . now adays what i've  learnt to day it will become outdated for tomorrow so , i like to learn latest tools and technologies . whenver i see new ai mpodels or techcnologies released by companies like anthropic , google , openai . i get excited to learn about them and think about what i can build with them andalso curiosity the opportunity to create sometihg new is really motivates me a lot.

how do you handle pressure?

in my previous , i break the problem into smaller targets and eah taregt has specific timeline which i can handle with perfection , also i communicate with team whenever i got stucked somewhere so this is how i can reduce my pressure.

Describe yourself in three words. "Reliable, proactive, and adaptable."

what is your greatest achievement ?

my greatest achievement is building the offlien desktop application that is actually used in restaurants . and the challending part is making the billing and kot /invoice modules and it will work perfeclty without internet also cloud sync engine for realme comminication  between multiple systems on the restaurants so it wasn't just about the writing code i was solving ghr real wolrd prpblems and buildng the solution for that.

can u work with the team ?

yesdefinitely, i enjoy working in a team beacuse good communicatin and collaboration help us to solve problems faster and in my current role i work with developers , testers and other teams , while building restsoft features . i'm confortable sharing ideas and feedbacks , and tackign resposnsiblities . 

salary expectation ?

based on my roles and responsibilities as full stack developer i'm looking for a compesation  package so, i;m open to discussing the overall package and main priority is finding the right opportunity where i can grwo technically and contribute tot he team.
...round 5-6 lpa.

How do you prioritize your work?

i prioritize the work based on the urgency , business impact , depencencies , first i focus on critial issues or emergency tasks and i handle tasks based on deadlines make into smaller steps and commnicate with the team if there are any blockers and changing priorities.

what makes you unique ?

i think what makes me unique is that i'm not limited to just frontend or backend development.i like understanding the complete system and solving problems end to end .

for example - in my previsous while on project i used diffrent technologies react node , batabased like sql lite and mysql approach , also integraiotn s liek swiggy z xzomato , razorpay . so at the same time , i very curious about the new technologies especially ai , whenver i heard about the ai latest news i liek to explore them and thinking the aboutthe how i can use them to build something better for the organization . 
so , i'd like to say combination of end to end development , problem -dolveing m continuous curiosity makes me unique.






