i was started my career as engineer student, where I built a strong foundation in programming and problem-solving. 
Early on, I worked as a Subject Matter Expert at Chegg India, resolving complex computer science and web development queries — 
that really sharpened my fundamentals. From there, I moved into hands-on development with an internship at Codtech IT Solutions,
 where i got the experience on React and Node.js.

That experience led me to learn the whole full stack development so i own the course the for couple of months
then i got a chance to work with real time projects at  YoungMinds Technology Solutions,
where I've been working for the past 2 years as a Full-Stack Developer, where i'm part of the team building  restosoft ,
restosoft is a restaurant management platform having one desktop app and role based web applications . 
during my time here i have build desktop pos offline cashier application with electrol.js,react.js which works completely zero internet dependency 
and also it have cloud synchronization engine for data consistency to manage multiple systems data flow .
which mean the data will automatically sync from sql lite to cloud my sql .

my core skills are : java script , react,redux, node.js , express.js , sql & no sql database ( mysql , sqlite , mongodb ) , 
and also fimilier with Typescript , python , websockets , jwt , redis,API integrations ,
database & server load issues resolving techniques like - load balance , replication , rate limiting ,node cache so,
i phase all type of trobleshooting in production level, coming to deployment i have used git , github , gitlab and aws. 

and honestly , in current software industry what i have learn today it will become outdated for tomorrow so i also stay updated 
with latest ai powered coding assistance , like LLM's, agentic ai models to make development faster and optimized code. 

so i know full stack is not about only development i should to maintain and support the entire team from development to deployment 
to give the best results by EOD  so i will take the full ownership for my assigned modules . 
and this is what i have learn through my full stack journey .
really i want to so thankful for you to schedule this interview and 

i'm ready to give best performance as you expected also knowing this company
 i'm so excited to know about team and contribute the delivery from the day one. thank you .
